Update data-gov-uk-deployment.html.md to deploy to kubernetes cluster (#4323)
alphagov/govuk-developer-docs: source/manual/data-gov-uk-operations.html.md

## Accessing data.gov.uk

### Datagovuk kubernetes cluster

Publish and Find are hosted on the same AWS cluster as GOV.UK but in its own namespace - `datagovuk`

> So in order to get information about the apps you will need to add `-n datagovuk` to any `kubeclt` command or run this command - `$ kubectl config set-context --current --namespace=datagovuk`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So to manage data.gov.uk apps you will need to add `-n datagovuk` to any `kubectl` command or run `kubectl config set-context --current --namespace=datagovuk` to make it the default.
```

Author: ok

```
## drop tables in publish database so that the db setup can run
kubectl exec deploy/datagovuk-publish -n datagovuk -- bash -c 'psql $DATABASE_URL -c "DROP OWNED BY ckan;"'

# NOTE - ignore the server restart warnings after setting up the database
kubectl exec deploy/datagovuk-publish -n datagovuk -- bin/setup

## make sure the index is setup

kubectl exec deploy/datagovuk-publish -n datagovuk -- rails search:reindex

## update orgs or datasets

kubectl exec deploy/datagovuk-publish -n datagovuk -- rails runner CKAN::V26::CKANOrgSyncWorker.new.perform
kubectl exec deploy/datagovuk-publish -n datagovuk -- rails runner CKAN::V26::PackageSyncWorker.new.perform
```

Now run `kubectl exec deploy/datagovuk-publish -n datagovuk -- bundle exec sidekiq` and see the logs.

#### Updating Zendesk password for Find

The contact form on Find uses the Zendesk API to create new tickets.  If the account password expires, it will need updating in secrets on the PaaS.

The following example is for staging.

Get the existing credentials (username and password) from AWS secrets manager under `govuk/dgu/datagovuk`:

> Log into the Zendesk using the username and password obtained from the previous step.  Reset the password through the UI and copy the password to the clipboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Log into Zendesk using the username and password obtained from the previous step.  Reset the password through the UI and copy the password to the clipboard.
```

Update the password in AWS secrets manager.

> When you make changes to secrets they will not be automatically picked up by the apps so you have to run this command to pick up the new secrets `kubectl rollout restart deploy -n datagovuk`

Reviewer: Think we might have [reloader](https://github.com/stakater/Reloader) everywhere now.

Author: does that mean that this no longer needs to be run manually? I'll take the line out then
